Fix payload integrity validation chart (#78)
suit-wg/suit-firmware-encryption: draft-ietf-suit-firmware-encryption.md

There are three questions to ask:

- Q1. How does the recipient receive the encrypted payload?

> If the encrypted payload is the value of suit-parameter-content, its integrity is already validated by the suit-authentication-wrapper. Hence, no additional integrity check is necessary. If the encrypted payload is conveyed from suit-directive-fetch from an integrated payload or outside of the SUIT envelope, e.g. "coaps://example.com/encrypted.bin," further questions need to be answered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the encrypted payload is used as the value of the suit-parameter-content, its integrity is already verified by the suit-authentication-wrapper. Therefore, no additional integrity check is required. However, if the encrypted payload is delivered via suit-directive-fetch from an integrated payload or from outside the SUIT envelope, for example "coaps://example.com/encrypted.bin", additional considerations must be addressed.
```
